All right, here we go.
This show is called KILLAH KUTS.
The basic theme is: concepts you can't air
on terrestrial TV.
But even that idea is starting to get a
little worn out, and if you're the kind of viewer who's really into variety shows...
...you might be thinking, "Yeah, it'll
only go so far."
I get why you'd feel that way.
But with this one, the production team...
...to put it plainly, is completely
insane. Honestly...
...I'm just so glad I'm not one of the
young guys anymore. Yeah.
I'm really feeling that right now.
These are the people taking part in
today's segment.
Please take care of us.
Two of you have already done KILLAH KUTS
before. Yeah, we have.
We did.
To put it simply...
...you go into a cage and fight each other
with stun guns. What?
What?
What the hell is that?
That's the kind of variety show this is.
It sure was.
You start wondering whether laws even
exist anymore. Anyway, today's segment is...
Anesthesia Dying Message.
Oh.
That's terrifying.
Don't say it so formally.
That is a scary title. You know the "dying
message" thing you get in murder mysteries...
...where the victim, right as they're
dying...
...writes down whatever clue they can
about the killer.
Right, right, right. That
fading-consciousness feeling at the moment of death...
...we can recreate that with anesthesia.
Apparently someone came up with that
brilliant idea.
And everyone went, "Nice. Anesthesia."
So this time, each duo splits into a
victim and a detective and takes on the challenge.
The victim comes to this hospital for an
exam...
...then gets caught up in an incident
inside the hospital and is killed.
The instant they're stabbed, the
anesthesia is injected and they drift off to sleep. Brutal.
Could you explain that a little more?
That's terrifying.
Then...
Later, the detective comes in. Then they
find the note the victim left behind.
They use that note as a clue to figure out
who the killer is...
If they nail it, it's a success.
Success.
Success. Why are they taking this kind of
risk just for "success"?
I was surprised too. There's no
million-yen prize or anything. Just "success."
Success.
So it's just for the honor.
Exactly. Since this isn't broadcast TV, we
might even get to see anesthesia vs. Systema.
Ah. So that's why you brought in the
Systema guy.
Maybe the breathing techniques can cancel
out the anesthesia. But anesthesia is supposed to cancel out pain in the first place...
...and then you'd cancel that out?
I have no idea what that means.
First up, it's Mograider's turn.
Hello.
Please have a seat and wait.
Oh, okay. Thank you.
Hey.
Hey, did you hear?
About what?
Apparently Dr. Otawara in internal
medicine is having an affair. What, an affair?
You know Teshigawara, the woman who was
here with appendicitis?
They say she saw Dr. Otawara going into a
hotel with a younger woman.
And apparently she's been spreading it
around. Oh.
I see.
Those are some pretty important keywords.
Apparently Dr. Otawara's wife took it so
badly she even attempted suicide.
What?
That is scary.
Oh, speak of the devil.
Call in the next patient.
Yes, right away.
All right then, Tomoshige from the obesity
clinic. Yes.
Please come into the exam room.
Why him?
Why not me?
I was here waiting first.
I'm sorry, we prioritize patients with
appointments. I'm busier than some fat slob like him.
I'll kill you.
Damn it.
You can go ahead of me.
Go ahead. It's okay, really.
It's fine. The obese patient can come this
way. Please change into the examination gown first.
I'm getting hung up on the "obese patient"
part. Please come this way.
Since he just got yelled at directly like
that, it really makes you think he's the one who's going to get stabbed...
...but there's always the chance he just
gets caught up in it instead.
Excuse me.
Oh, hello.
I'm Dr. Otawara, your attending physician.
Dr. Otawara, yes. Thank you. All right,
let's begin the exam. Please come this way.
This way. Okay. Got it. And just as
Tomoshige lay down on the exam table...
...the real doctors prepared the
anesthesia.
What they're using this time is the kind
of anesthesia often used in routine medical checkups...
...which sends you into unconsciousness
about a minute after the injection starts.
And after the dying-message bit is over,
they really will perform a gastroscopy.
To be clear, this shoot was done as a side
activity during that actual examination.
Tomoshige from the obesity clinic, can you
hear Ijuin's voice? Yes, yes.
Very soon, the killer will come in and
murder you. Yes.
At that moment, the anesthesia will be
injected...
...so please hang in there and write down
clues about the culprit on the paper by your hand.
Understood.
Think you can do it?
Yes. I'll definitely catch the killer.
Best of luck to you, then.
But I don't want to die.
This is scary.
All right, we're ready, so let's begin the
examination. Okay, please.
Excuse me for a moment.
Oh, okay.
Dr. Otawara.
Hello?
Handsome guy. I told you not to take calls
while you're working.
What? A promise?
Come on.
Let me make this absolutely clear.
I'm sorry, but don't you think it's time
we ended this relationship?
We can't keep this up. Hey, are you even
listening? Hey.
Were you listening just now?
Stop, stop, stop!
We can talk this out. We can talk. Okay,
okay, okay - aaagh! Huh? Huh?
No way...
Why would you do that...?
Dr. Otawara is dead.
So he wasn't the target?
You were eavesdropping too, weren't you?
I didn't do anything wrong.
I didn't do anything wrong. What? I didn't
do anything wrong! Stop, stop! Aaah!
It's started.
He's starting to lose it.
Huh, this might work. It might work.
Whoa, hang in there. I play mahjong, so
I'm actually pretty resistant to sleepiness.
The fact that he's explaining that already
makes me think he's delirious. Don't say such stupid things.
Look, his hand has stopped moving.
I'll make you happy.
Yeah. Still hanging in there, still
hanging in there - but his thinking's already going.
Did he die?
Whoa, I'm sorry.
Ms. Kohiruimaki.
I'm sorry I couldn't return your feelings.
Man, if he'd stayed conscious this long,
there were things he still could've heard. No good - he's stopped.
And with that, Tomoshige has officially
died.
He held out better than we expected...
...and it actually looked like he managed
to write a fair amount.
In dramas you always see things like "The
killer is K..." and I used to think that wasn't realistic, but now I get it.
When you're writing "the killer is..." you
still think you're hanging in there, then all of a sudden you realize, "Nope, I'm done," and switch to just scrawling a single letter...
...that really can happen.
All right, before we move on to the
solution segment...
...our sleeping Tomoshige will now undergo
the gastroscopy.
Again, to be clear, this was all done on
the occasion of an actual gastroscopy...
...and they figured that since he was
already going under anesthesia, they might as well try something like this too.
Well, of course. There's no way anyone
would use anesthesia just to mess around...
Using anesthesia for horseplay or fun
would be unthinkable. Right.
That part was just an extra, strictly
speaking.
What a beautiful stomach and duodenum.
Doctor, thank you for your hard work. Sure.
Doctor, from a professional standpoint,
how is Tomoshige doing right now?
His esophagus looks clean. We're just now
moving from the esophagus into the stomach.
He is obese, so there seems to be a bit of
respiratory difficulty, though.
But you're managing that as you go.
Yes.
Now then, in the solution segment, Shiba -
who plays the detective - has been waiting in another room and knows nothing about what happened here.
Can he identify the culprit using only the
note?
Chief.
What's the situation?
The victims are Dr. Naotaka Otawara of
this hospital...
...and Tomoshige Yoshiki, who had come in
for obesity treatment. Two victims in total.
Both suffered stab wounds from a blade
around 15 centimeters long. I see. Pretty gruesome work.
There are five suspects currently under
investigation. We have all of them gathered here.
I see.
Then bring them in one by one.
Yes, sir.
The first is Maki Jumonji, 30, a nurse at
this hospital.
She worked with Dr. Otawara for many
years...
...and because they were together so
often, some people even suspected they were having an affair.
Come in.
Second.
Bring in the second one.
Excuse me.
The second is... ...Yuko Kohiruimaki, a
new nurse in her second year on the job.
Yuko Kohiruimaki, 24. Apparently Dr.
Otawara was very harsh in the way he trained her.
And there was a call record from just
before his death. Third.
Bring in the third one. Kaoru Teshigawara,
38, hospitalized for appendicitis.
Apparently she had been spreading rumors
that she'd witnessed Dr. Otawara's affair...
...but there were also rumors that she
herself had feelings for him. Hmm.
Bring in the fourth one.
Sho Daigoin, 28, who had come in for a
consultation.
Just before the incident, he was heard
shouting things like "I'll kill you" inside the hospital... ...and there are witnesses who say he was causing a scene.
I see.
Bring in the fifth.
The fifth is Manami Otawara, 43, wife of
the murdered Dr. Otawara.
Apparently she'd been deeply distressed by
his affair... ...and attempted suicide a month ago.
Hmm.
Do you have anything yet?
No, at this stage it's hard to say.
If only we had some other clue.
Chief.
Under the bed...
...we found this.
What is it?
Most likely...
...it's the note Tomoshige left behind
just before he died. Excellent. If we've got this...
...we should be much closer to identifying
the killer. Come on.
We haven't gotten any clues at all. At
least tell us if it was a man or a woman.
Oh!
The girl at reception.
Huge clue.
Huge, huge, huge.
First off...
...at this point, Sho Daigoin is out.
Cute.
My type. We don't need "cute." We don't
need "my type." He must've thought he still had time.
The handwriting is awful, but...
...I'm guessing this says "affair."
There's something tiny written at the end
too. Jumonji.
That's interesting, but let's ignore it
for now. At least we know the culprit is a woman.
If he'd managed to get down "black
cardigan," though... "The girl at reception" means...
...someone who works at the hospital.
So it's either one or two.
Right, we've narrowed it to two.
But "my type" is the problem.
That just means Tomoshige's type, right?
You know what Tomoshige's type is?
Basically... ...if he thinks he has a
shot, that's enough.
That is rude no matter how you slice it.
Still...
...if we're talking about his type
looks-wise... ...Jumonji probably fits best.
Out of these five.
Then, Chief...
...name the killer.
Understood.
The killer is...
Maki Jumonji...
...you.
I didn't do it.
Huh?
Absolutely not.
Whoa...
Dying messages are hard.
Hm.
I'm the killer.
It's me.
What?!
You die too!
Fair enough.
So if you guess wrong there, you get
killed too. Makes sense.
I may have deduced it based on my own
type. My apologies.
Chief.
Chief!
Ah, both members of Mograider died.
Wow.
Yeah, both members of Mograider died.
They sure did.
Man, I was so sure about that one.
So...
Tomoshige has actually woken up and we're
filming him now, but...
...we don't really know how much he
understood at the time. Right, exactly.
So let's ask him.
Tomoshige.
Yes?
Come on in for a second.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
Did I manage to do my dying message
properly? Well...
You were more than half out of it,
honestly. Do you remember any of it?
I remember writing, but...
...before I knew it...
...I was looking up at the sky, kind of.
Not the sky.
Not the sky - you were asleep by then. Do
you actually remember the killer's face?
I do, I do.
Wait, then you got it right, didn't you?
We got it wrong.
You got it wrong?
What? Then want to watch your dying moment
objectively?
I want to see it.
Yeah.
Here it comes, here it comes.
Yeah, I can see his awareness slipping.
See? At first he's actually writing pretty
properly. Yeah, he is, he is.
This part - "girl at reception" - is
actually the most important part. It really helps. Yeah.
He still had some room left at that point.
Yeah, he still seems pretty lucid.
Since he was watching her that closely, he
should've written "cardigan" too. Come on.
Ah, right.
If he'd written "cardigan"...
Yeah, but...
...we wouldn't have gotten it wrong.
I just thought she was cute.
So I wrote "cute, my type."
Ghh, hang in there.
He's saying something.
I play mahjong, so I'm actually pretty
resistant to sleepiness.
He's saying he's good at staying awake
because he plays mahjong. Because he likes mahjong.
That's not what a guy who's holding on
sounds like. Really?
He sounds like somebody escaped from a
circus and got shot.
Looks like he died.
That was fast.
Faster than I expected.
He's completely out now.
Whoa, there's more development after that.
He rallies one more time.
He really does rally once more.
Oh, so he wasn't dead yet.
Dr. Otawara.
The part where the ring was thrown...
...he still looked awake there.
Yeah.
Wasn't that important? No, by then he was
completely mush - nothing.
So you have no memory of that part at all
anymore? None.
His eyes were open, though. If he'd
mentioned the ring there, the ring had a name engraved on it.
Whoa.
So there were a ton of clues.
If he'd held out another thirty seconds...
...the dying doctor was even saying the name.
I see.
Right.
If he'd really gritted it out and kept
pushing... ...you could've identified the culprit.
No, listen - you can say all that, but...
...it was literally impossible.
Seriously, I was trying to hold on because
I'm supposedly pretty good at that kind of thing, so I forced my eyes open, but...
...I don't remember a thing.
There's one more shock on top of that.
First, my beloved partner watched all that and still guessed wrong.
And the other thing is, apparently I might
have a small polyp. What?
Because we did the stomach exam.
Isn't that how cancer starts?
No, the doctor is a professional, so he
just said you should get a proper follow-up exam. A polyp.
A small one.
Yikes.
The sunlight is... Anyway, apparently they
checked everything properly.
And with that, next up is Raland's
challenge.
Hello.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey, did you hear that story?
What story?
About Dr. Kondo's medical malpractice.
I heard. The bypass surgery on Mr. Kakita,
who was hospitalized with heart disease...
...that surgery failed, right?
Right.
And then apparently he pinned that
malpractice on Dr. Tanaka. What?
So that's why Dr. Tanaka got transferred
away? Exactly.
And I heard Mr. Kakita's son, after
hearing that, said he's going to sue the hospital.
This hospital is completely messed up.
Wow, that's complicated.
Hey, kid.
This hospital is no good.
You should get out while you can.
What are you talking about?
I almost got killed here once.
See?
Run while you still can.
Mr. Ichikawa.
Mr. Ichikawa, please don't bother the
younger patients. I'm just telling the truth, damn it.
It was just an injection, wasn't it?
Please stop.
What's all this noise?
Dr. Kondo, sorry.
There are other patients here, so please
keep it down. Yes, sorry.
Please do.
Sorry.
My apologies.
Big words from a murderer.
This one's complicated.
Next, Nishida, here for hemorrhoid
treatment, please come to the exam room.
Hemorrhoids... ah, right, sorry.
This way, please.
Okay. Nice, he's even acting out the
hemorrhoids. Very professional.
A ton of names just got dumped on us at
once, but what makes this one harder is not just the number of people - it's also that they all have really ordinary names, like Kondo...
...there's nothing to really latch onto
and remember them by.
Excuse me.
Oh, hello.
Hello. I'm Dr. Iida, your attending
physician. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, Dr. Iida. We'll begin
treatment now, so please lie down over here.
Okay, understood. And just like before,
the anesthesia was prepared.
We're ready, so let's begin the
examination. Okay, please.
Doctor, it's an emergency. Doctor, it's an
emergency. Mr. Yokoyama in Building B took a turn for the worse.
Understood.
Nishida, please wait here a moment.
Okay.
Please wait here.
What are you about to do?
Hey!
Hey, stop!
Hey, stop, stop!
I'm going to be killed.
Dr. Kondo.
Dead...
D-Dead.
I'm finished.
If that's how it is, I'll kill everyone in
this hospital.
Die.
Scary, scary, scary.
Die!
There's another one here too.
Who?
The one in black clothes.
Got it.
I got it, I got it.
The one in black clothes - that's the
killer. Uh, and who else?
Kondo...
This is bad, bad, bad, bad.
Ah, this is bad, bad, bad, bad.
He's losing consciousness.
He blamed the medical malpractice on
Tanaka.
Who are you, who are you?
I won't forgive what you did to my mother.
Who are you? Who are you?
Tanaka?
Because of you, my mother... He's only got
about a third of his brain working now.
He's slurring badly, and his fingertips
barely have any strength. What do we do? Give us some kind of clue, Kondo.
Who are you, Tanaka?
He's down to maybe half... no, a third.
The medical malpractice was...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. About your family, Kakita...
He pinned the medical malpractice on
Tanaka...
I can't write at all.
Who are you? What's your name?
He just said the name.
He did.
A black outfit is the best thing to wear
when committing murder. Whoa, he's entered delirium mode.
The thing most likely to get played on the
radio... ...medical malpractice.
That sounds like a radio catchphrase.
I have no idea what he's saying anymore.
And now he's back on something
medical-malpractice-related... ...something about an influencer?
Nobody said anything about an influencer.
No, nobody did.
He's fallen asleep. Which means he's dead.
He held out a long time.
That's my impression, anyway.
Maybe he wrote quite a bit.
He spent a long time talking, after all.
Chief.
What's the situation?
The victims are Dr. Takashi Kondo of this
hospital... ...and nurse Kyoko Sakai.
And Koki Nishida, who came in for
hemorrhoid treatment. Three victims in total.
All of them suffered stab wounds from a
blade about 15 centimeters long. Mm-hm.
There are currently five suspects under
investigation.
Each of them has a motive, so we've
brought them all in. I see.
You've brought them all in.
Yes, right this way.
Shall we call them in one at a time?
Yes.
Chief.
Chief, over here.
This note.
We believe it was left behind by
Nishida... ...just before he died.
We think it's his dying note.
I see.
Nishida's note.
Ugh.
Come on. Please don't let this just be bad
handwriting, nothing more.
Ugh.
Ah.
The culprit...
...was wearing black.
If it's black clothes, then first of
all...
...which one is it?
What do you mean, which one?
I mean, I think it's a man.
I see.
Why do you think it's a man?
If it were a woman, once he figured it out
he'd probably have just scrawled "woman." I see.
Wow, that's some incredible
reading-between-the-lines. "Kondo..."
Whoa, what is this? It looks like some
complicated kanji or something.
This bit at the end...
...what is that?
Ah, maybe this was his limit.
You can really see how hard he fought.
Ah, you're good to pick that up. That's
why you're Ikazu. What is this final part with all the dots all over it?
A mole?
Tanaka's wife.
Right.
She has a mole by her mouth.
You're right. But if we're going there,
this diagonal slash...
...could also mean a scar on the face,
couldn't it? True.
Whoa.
What's with the face scar?
He could've just written "scar on the
face." You're getting really close now. Really close.
Chief.
It's about time you named the culprit.
No wonder he'd be furious.
After being scarred like that.
The culprit is...
Yoshiharu Tanaka.
It's you.
It wasn't me.
Huh?
Hm?
The police are idiots too, huh?
What?
You die too!
Whoa!
Damn it...
That bastard deserved to die anyway...
Man, we just can't get it right.
Still, I think we got pretty close.
Whoa, but that was intense.
You got really close.
Did we?
You read that really well.
Nishida.
Yes?
Ah, we got it right. We got it right.
What?
Come here, come here.
Okay.
You were right.
Amazing. That was the thing we were most
worried about.
Yeah, yeah.
We narrowed it down to two in the end.
What?
You got it that far?
Yeah, that "black clothes" clue was
seriously... ...the biggest relief at the start.
Yeah.
I actually remember...
...what happened.
Yeah. I wrote down "black clothes" and the
killer's features, and then...
..."Kondo..." and then... ...my
consciousness dropped to about a third of normal.
It just sank. I remember thinking I had to
write down the person's facial features, but then...
...I remember nothing after that. Ah,
that's why this whole part is unreadable.
Want to watch it?
Let's watch you die.
Yeah, I do - I want to see it. Right,
because you don't know what you looked like.
I don't.
Die!
Who?
The one in black clothes.
He writes it down immediately.
Right at death's door. The one in black
clothes - that's the killer.
The killer is...
...the one in black.
Right, at this point he can't see the scar
yet. Who?
Who? Kondo...
This is bad, bad, bad, bad...
Ah, this is bad, bad, bad, bad.
He's fading out.
Medical malpractice...
Give us some kind of clue, Kondo.
Wha...
Wh-Who are you? Tanaka?
Ah, no, no, no... Only about a half... no,
a third of his mind is still working.
He should be able to see the scar by now.
He sees the scar here - I kind of remember that part.
A black outfit is best when committing
murder. I don't know anymore. I don't know anymore.
All in black.
"All-black is best for committing crimes."
So that's what he was saying.
That's what it looked like.
There was more, though.
There had to be more.
From a past life.
A yawn.
He's like a baby.
He lost language entirely.
Nothing.
He died.
A tiny little yawn.
But wow, the stretch I have no memory of
is really long.
So you were basically thinking, "Just keep
talking, just keep talking," ...the whole time around here.
So you were just running on autopilot the
whole time. After that...
...well, from our point of view he had
died here, so... ...we went ahead and had the stomach exam done.
And according to the doctor, your stomach
is beautiful. Thank you.
Thank you very much. And finally, it's
Minamikawa and Omiokuri Geinin Shinichi's challenge.
Hello.
A stalker?
Yeah.
Lately I've been getting silent calls
every single day... ...and I always feel like someone's following me.
Whoa.
Do you have any idea who it could be?
I do. My ex is suspicious. And also... you
know Dr. Kakehi from urology? He was super creepy.
Oh yeah. He keeps sending me gross LINE
messages all the time.
Ew.
That's awful, right?
So gross.
Right?
Alice, what do you mean by awful?
Dr. Shirai.
Oh, uh... We were just talking about a
drama we watched yesterday being awful.
I see. Oh, I'm interested in the dramas
you watch, Alice.
What? What were you watching? What?
Doctor.
The patient is waiting.
Right, right.
Yes, yes.
No way.
No way, no way.
So creepy.
Hey.
Hey, you - yeah, you.
Me? Why have you been looking at Alice
with those dirty eyes?
No, your voice was just so loud...
I came all the way from Nasushiobara just
to see Alice. Nasu...
Nasu...
Don't get in my way.
Don't get cocky. I'm not getting in your
way - I just came here for treatment.
I'll kill you. No, I only looked because
you were shouting.
Man, I would not want to get dragged into
this.
Minamikawa, here for AGA treatment, please
come to the exam room.
This is nuts... that guy is furious.
"Stalker," right.
And that doctor in the hospital...
...definitely has that kind of vibe too.
And that big bearded guy is obviously suspicious too.
Yeah, he's pretty suspicious.
And I can't stop wondering about the guy
who's been reading the newspaper the whole time. You can't see his face at all.
Right this way.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Excuse me.
All right, we'll start the treatment
now...
...but first I'll call the doctor, so
please lie down and wait here.
Lie down?
Yes.
And here too, the real doctors prepared
the anesthesia.
Minamikawa, can you hear my voice?
I can.
It's Ijuin in the other room.
Yes.
The killer will be coming in soon, and you
will be murdered.
They've put anesthetic gel in my nose,
so... Yeah.
...I can't breathe, and my Systema is
basically sealed off.
Ah, well, we're not experts on Systema
here. Sorry.
You'll have to figure that out on your own
somehow. Understood. Sorry.
Let's see. All right, we're ready, so I'll
go get the doctor.
Okay.
Please wait right here.
Aah!
What?
Why... why me... Die!
Ando-san, Ando-san.
Why...? Stop!
Aaah!
Are you okay?
Are you okay? Are you okay?
You were flirting with Alice just now.
I wasn't flirting with her...
I'll kill you. Die!
Die!
It's kicking in, kicking in.
Wait a second.
Two people, two people, two people - I...
Uh, an afro, an afro-haired guy, and glasses...
It's both of them. The guy with glasses -
and a beard, a beard.
Whoa, something's coming, something's
coming, something's really coming.
Huh? They're both kind of chubby. Both
kind of chubby.
Ah, no, ah - both of them, both of them,
both of them are handsome.
They're both looking at me. They're both
handsome. Kind of Okinawan-looking, kind of Okinawan-looking.
"Eu gostava dela!"
"I loved her!"
Kind of Okinawan-looking, kind of
Okinawan-looking, kind of Okinawan-looking.
Okinawan-looking, Okinawan-looking - ah,
Okinawan-looking.
Okinawan-looking, yeah. And then, and
then... ...well-built, medium build, medium build.
Yeah, medium build. Medium build.
Medium... wow. Wow.
He's fighting it.
By keeping himself talking.
Medium build, medium build, definitely
medium build. Medium build. Medium build. Ah...
He can't get the writing out anymore, can
barely... "medium build." He's saying nothing but "medium build" now.
White - he's covering all the bases here,
he really is.
White, white clothes, top and bottom.
That's good. That's good. That's good.
No way - Muranaka and Carlos? Why would
those two...
Medium build, medium build, medium build,
medium build. Right, the bathroom.
Medium build, yeah, medium build. That's
right.
He is hanging in there, though.
He is. Who, who, who... ah...
Wh-Who... who... who is in love with who?
Right - who's in love with who? Ah...
He's dead.
And with that, Minamikawa is dead.
He fought incredibly hard. He showed an
intense refusal to let go of life.
Whether he actually got enough written
down is another question, but he did write some important things early on.
Chief.
Yeah.
What's the situation?
The victims are Alice Funahashi, a nurse
at this hospital, and Satoshi Minamikawa, who came in for AGA treatment.
Both were stabbed with a blade roughly 15
centimeters long. I see, I see, I see.
Apparently Alice Funahashi had been the
target of a stalker lately...
...and there are currently five suspects
under investigation.
We've called all of them in.
Five suspects?
Yes.
Chief.
We found this under the bed.
A dying message?
Then this will tell us.
The culprit.
Huh?
Those two?
What was written there?
Well...
"Afro-haired man."
"Glasses."
Huh? Wait a second - glasses?
Oh.
That's huge. This is huge.
Dark features.
Ugh, I still don't know.
What's this bit say?
But the crucial part - he meant to write
"two people," and instead wrote the kanji for two plus an R.
What about this?
What's that? Huh?
Two R? Two R?
At this point, yes.
The suspicious ones are one, three, and
five. Just going by this dying message alone.
Yeah, but he said kind of chubby, right?
So number one is out. He's not chubby. Then it's three or five.
Which one is it?
Do we go with the afro or the glasses?
There's one more twist to it. "Two R, two
R."
Number one... wait, maybe it's the thing
he most wanted to tell us first. Oh, right.
Sharp.
Two?
This looks like an R, doesn't it? But
maybe it's not an R. Yeah.
Still, I think this has to be it.
Glasses, afro, kind of chubby.
All right then.
The culprit is...
Shinji Muranaka.
It's you.
Aah!
Alice!
Come out!
Come out! I didn't do anything!
What?!
What?! No way!
Aah!
"Agora tu morre!" / "Now you die!"
Afro? What do you mean, afro?
The guy with the afro and glasses - that's
him, right? So why did he stab him?
So he just did something on his own?
Stick to the script!
What the hell is he doing? He's useless.
No, that's not it. He made a mistake.
What do you mean?
You didn't do it, right?
Don't ignore me.
Afro, you did do it, didn't you?
Yeah, I did it! Wait, you were the one who
stabbed Minamikawa?
I stabbed him!
You stabbed him!
What the hell is wrong with you?
What is this guy doing?
Wow.
Detective Shinichi.
What exactly happened here?
What happened?
This guy just went rogue and did his own
thing. Yes, exactly.
All of Detective Shinichi's bad habits
came flooding out partway through. They really did?
He couldn't trust his partner, and he
couldn't keep reasoning things through all the way to the end.
He even said it himself, didn't he? That
the most important thing would be written first.
Right.
Exactly.
It's written while the victim is still
strongly conscious. That's the most important information.
They wouldn't deliberately step forward
just to draw attention to themselves like that.
And someone who's innocent wouldn't
suddenly claim to be the killer either. So if there are two very suspicious people, what does that mean?
The culprit...
There were two of them?
Look at the first line.
It's two people.
See?
Where?
Man, if it's your partner and one other
person, I want you to just write "two people." What is this "two R" thing?
Listen.
That idiot, seriously.
No, no, no - you're calling Minamikawa an
idiot while he's getting murdered? Idiot.
He's seriously unusable.
That's what dying messages are like.
What's with the half-assed effort?
What were you doing?
Welcome back.
Wait a second.
Did you solve it?
Let's hear it from him.
I entrusted it to you, right? I entrusted
it to you. I worked so hard on it. I entrusted it to you.
No, impossible.
No, impossible. Seriously impossible.
That very first part is the important
message. What does it mean?
This right here - it means two people.
Where?
It means two people.
Then write "two people."
Why did you write "two R"?
I did write "two people."
And for "people" - I think I wrote the
first part of the character. I think I wrote "person"...
I don't need "I think" - this is
impossible. You get delirious almost instantly.
First of all, the fact there were two
people is already shocking. We thought there was only one.
We thought there was only one, so when we
see that we go, "Wait, two?" You can tell from the "two," can't you?
Then write it as a numeral.
I did write it as a numeral.
That's not a numeral, that's a Chinese
numeral. Of course it is. I'm the type who uses kanji numerals.
I can make sense of that. And around here,
he was still alive, right?
Perfect, perfect. We narrowed it down from
afro, glasses, and chubby.
Yeah.
Did I really write that little?
This is totally unusable.
What? You barely wrote anything.
What is this?
Huh?
We have the actual footage of your dying
moment. Seriously?
If you watch it, maybe you'll think, "Ah,
he really did try his best." What do you think?
Let's watch it.
That guy.
Aah!
Why?
Wait a second.
There are two of them, two of them.
Uh, an afro, an afro-haired guy, and...
I remember this much.
Glasses... It's both of them - the
glasses, the beard, the beard.
Whoa. Both of the glasses guys, both of
the bearded guys.
Something's coming, something's coming,
something's coming. Something big is coming.
Uh...
Both of them are kind of chubby.
It's coming now. It is.
Kind of chubby.
And then, and then, and then...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Medium build, medium build.
Aah!
Medium build, medium - wow.
Amazing.
Medium build, yeah.
I'm dying.
Aah!
You're really fighting for it.
This is...
By this point already...
At this point I should've just written,
"12 years in comedy." Ah...
I've never experienced anything like this.
What kind of segment is this?
Medium build, medium build, medium build.
He's just repeating the same thing.
Scary, scary, scary.
I'm scared of myself.
White.
This is important.
You knew he came back around.
Muranaka and Carlos.
Top and bottom.
This is good.
Why were there two of them?
He was saying something important. He
names two people and says "why two of them," right there.
I see.
I have no memory of any of this.
For reference, here are the two people in
question. There are two of them, two of them.
His consciousness should still have been
clear at this point... ...yet he still made that mysterious writing mistake.
Ah, and one more thing to tell you.
This is actually good news.
Yes?
Your stomach was very clean.
Oh, that's good.
The doctor said so.
I see, I see.
We really are doing the stomach exams
properly. I see, I see.
You were actually doing the stomach exam?
Oh, good - at least the stomach was fine.
Thank you very much. And with that, the
Minamikawa-Shinichi pair unfortunately failed to make the arrest.
Why?!
But we were right!
Nishizawa-san, this is such a
frustratingly strange feeling, but... ...I want to do it one more time.
Even after dying that hard.
After dying that hard.
I feel like I could've done more.
No way.
I could've done more.